Executive Summary:

Talent Connector is an outstanding platform for the talented and hardworking individuals all over the globe. People having extraordinary mind which can generate innovative ideas can place success at their feet using this application. Mainly, talent connector makes an easy and purposeful connection between an ordinary person and a world famous personality who is successful in his particular career. This short-period interaction can lead to an technological advancement in this era of cut-throat competition of this world. Interestingly, serious users of this application can take benefit of discussion with top-level personalities on their new project ideas in order to get appropriate advice on its method of implementation which in turn can make this project to find its unique and valuable place in the world of technology. Consequently, the focus is only to meet those people with their goals who are putting their best efforts to make something creative and unique by their knowledge.

A Short Description of our Project’s Management team.

Our team consists of four members having links with the field of Information Technology from a long time. Gurleen , Gursimran Singh, Balraj and Gursimran Sidhu who are pursuing graduation from a reputed university in the lap of beautiful British Columbia, Canada. All of the team members performed their parts very well and finally we appreciate each other’s valuable role by which we were able to complete this project successfully.

Services :

Primarily, majority of the users of our project are students or researchers who are applying their skills based upon the knowledge they have gained from their studies and research. It is common that many people used to struggle to end up at error free projects because of some rare mistakes . They look up for several resources to find solutions. But our newly designed app, they can resolve their significant issues in just a couple of minutes.

Basic functions and goals include :

Our app provides a virtual platform where user can get real life interview experience. Students from small universities can get a job reference in reputed companies by showing their skills and knowledge to experts. These mock interviews build confidence in individuals and help them to cope up with speaking phobia which ultimately improve their communication skills. This website will be beneficial not only for job-seekers but also for experts. By hosting virtual meetings , experts can generate their side income and interviewees can improve their skills and get expert guidance in order to resolve errors to end up at a successful and innovative project.

Project’s demand

As technology is advancing day by day, the competition among university graduates and researchers has increased. Mostly they have mindset to develop something new in the market which will not earn them money but also can make life of people more simpler. The main obstacle in their way is lack of proper guidance which they can only get from the individuals who have name and fame in their research field. This will surely benefit our project’s market. During the period of Covid-19, people especially students have lot to time to polish their skills which they applied but want someone to check their work and provide efficient grades and suggestions for further implementations. Thus, it can be considered as a plus point for our project’s success in gaining market.

Costs and expenses:

The basic income is from the account activation and meeting selecion fees that will be paid by our project’s users. The meetings with top level by our managers will have nominal fees and users will pay nominal fees bases upon fee structure of interviewer. Our expected first year’s sales are 0.1 million dollars which is little more than our operational expenses as it needs time to gain public interest. We 4 group members are investing significant amount around $70k as a startup of this project. We are estimating that we have to gain market by 20% per year in order to have some profit and smooth execution of our application. We are getting positive responses from public by means of advertisements on various social media platforms. There is need to perform timely updates for its proper functioning which also require significant monetary value. Moreover, we need accountants to manage financial operations wisely and also other management functions in order to maintain balance with growing demand. Also, we need security advisors to have proper check on various malicious and hacking related threats.

