Introduction :

Talent Connector is a unique platform where students, job-seekers and other talented individuals who want to experience real life interview and discuss their project details with experts of that particular field of project. Gursimran, Balraj, Gurleen, Gursimran Sidhu have worked together to help some talented individuals not only in Canada but also in other countries worldwide. In this project, we are going to enlist features and intended goals of our application. We will be reporting details about users of our project and data related to financial projections for the following year. Also, we will discuss the cost and expenses of management/execution operations. The application has divided into two parts : One for the experts or you can say interviewers and other for the people having innovative ideas. There will be an expert column in which HR Managers, CEOs will create their accounts by filling basic details and providing verification documents as per the privacy policy so that users can get accurate guidance. Other column will be for those who want to schedule virtual interview with an expert or ask to check his work/ideas by sharing documents. They can search an expert by name or field and can book one on one meeting by paying nominal online fees which will be decided by the interviewer. In meetings, people can discuss their ideas with field experts. Experts can guide them by highlighting their mistakes and provide them guidance to end up with a successful project. There maybe possibility that an individual will have a totally innovative and applicable idea and expert is also agree, then he can directly offer him job in his company or refer his name for a position. By this, talented and competent individuals from low backgrounds and small colleges can get top level positions in multinational organizations because of their abilities and hard-work.

Ultimately, our developed application can make someone’s life which will not only benefit the person who has got perfect suggestion but also it will provide us inner satisfaction.
